add docker-compose support (#575)
opensearch-project/dashboards-observability: Using-Docker.md

> 

Once the build is completed, make sure to overide the [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) target zip file with the exact name 
```
# Install updated plugin
RUN /usr/share/opensearch-dashboards/bin/opensearch-dashboards-plugin install file:///tmp/observabilityDashboards-3.0.0.zip
```

## Run the docker compose
The [docker-compose](docker-compose.yml) file represents a simple assembly of an OpenSearch cluster with two nodes and an opensearch dashboard that has the updated image with the latest changes in this plugin.

run `docker compose up -d` to start the services and once the service is up and running you can start testing the changes.

> Note that the OpenSearch version also must correspond to the OpenSearch-Dashboards version

## Accessing the Dashboard
The dashboard service uses port `localhost:5601` for access and this was already exported in the docker-compose service definition
```yaml
    ports:
      - 5601:5601 # Map host port 5601 to container port 5601
```

## Security Notice
The default User:Password for this demo test is (admin:admin) - pay attention not to use this configuration in a production or any environment that may contain

> confident or personal information without first changing the security definition for accessing the servers.

Reviewer: > without first changing the security definition
should we give a reference link on the instructions?

# Using Docker
Using docker as the runtime environment for testing and validating new developments is now available using the next commands:

## Build the plugin
First the plugin must be build using the `yarn build` command.

Once this build was completed - the expected zip location of the plugin is `./build/observabilityDashboards-?.?.?.zip` where as the `?.?.?` represents the version of this dashboard plugin.

> Note that the plugin version must correspond to the OpenSearch-Dashboards version - this information appears [here](opensearch_dashboards.json)
> 

Once the build is completed, make sure to overide the [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) target zip file with the exact name 
```
# Install updated plugin
RUN /usr/share/opensearch-dashboards/bin/opensearch-dashboards-plugin install file:///tmp/observabilityDashboards-3.0.0.zip
```

## Docker imageVersion

> The docker images used by this file are all referencing the [.env](.env) environment file that contains the version field an user/password field that needs to be changed to match your own system. 

Reviewer: minor typos
```suggestion
The docker images used by this file are all referencing the [.env](.env) environment file that contains the version and user/password fields that need to be changed to match your own system. 
```

> that need to be changed to match your own system

in this context, the environment inside docker container should not need to be affected to user's system?

i'm not sure how to phrase it, maybe use `configuration` instead of `system?
